---
title: "Vortex"
winery: "Allegiance"
video: "2wgT9jZjaq0"
type: "Red"
vintage: "2016"
grape: "Cabernet Sauvignon, Cabernet Franc, Petit Verdot"
abv: "13.5% Alchohol"
region: "Australia"
rating: "four"
pairings: [Lamb, Lasagna, Hearty home food]
tags: [Long legs, Fruity, Award Winnning]
permalink: :title:output_ext
---

Vortex is the most awarded wine we&rsquo;ve had. The awards include Gold Medal at Australian Small Winemakers Show 2019, 93pts Points at Wine Orbit 2019 and Gold Medal at the China Wine & Spirits Best Value Awards 2020. Vortex is produced by Allegiance Wines who source grapes from all over Australia. The winery was born from a pledge to produce the good quality wine from vine to glass.

The Vortex is a blend of Cabernet Sauvignon (49%), Cabernet Franc (33%) and Petit Verdot (18%). The appearance is clear and in colour is very very deep garnet. We had to almost tilt the glass horizontally to get any colour from the liquid. 

On the nose, the wine almost smells sweet as it is so fruity. There are lots of red berry notes particuarly cherries and plum, there is also a little black cherry and hint of chocolaty notes. 

What the nose promises the taste doesn&rsquo;t deliver as much. There are lovley berry notes that come through, we thought the chocolate would be there but it wasn&rsquo;t The wine itself is dry, low acidity, with medium tannis and body. Overall the quality is really very good. 

Although the taste didn&rsquo;t match up to the smell the wine was still really good and we&rsquo;d definetely have it again. We drank the wine on it&rsquo;s own, but you could definetely have it with a good red meat dish such as beef or lamb. It would also be a great match for hearty home cooked meals like Lasagna or Shepherd&rsquo;s Pie. You could also cook with it, we made some delicious red wine chocolate truffles with the wine too. 

You can&rsquo;t get the wine through <a href="https://www.allegiancewines.com.au/" title="Allegiance Wines">Allegiance Wines website</a> you need to go to third party sites like <a href="https://www.winestar.com.au/vortex-margaret-river-melange-rouge-2016" title="Wine Star">Wine Star</a>. 