---
title: "Bonkers"
winery: "Jumping Juice"
video: "nGHMaYDS-dE"
type: "Rosé"
vintage: ""
grape: [Sauvignon blanc, Shiraz, Cabernet sauvignon]
abv: "12.8"
region: "Australia"
rating: "threehalf"
pairings: [Nibbles, Poolside sipping, Salmon]
tags: [Acidic, Inexpensive]
permalink: :title:output_ext
---

It was hard to find any information about Bonkers, which we bought from Dan Murphy&rsquo;s (a large liquour store chain in Australia). On their website it says &ldquo;Jumping Juice is all about adventure and experimenting. Hanging out with friends in far flung regions and learning about how grapes behave in different climates. It&rsquo;s about mates.&rdquo; When you search for Jumping Juice it comes up with a natural wine producer - so maybe they&rsquo;ve go in another direction? Or maybe this is left over wine that they can sell for a little extra cash?

The wine has a deep coral colour, it&rsquo;s almost bordering on orange. On the nose it is not at all pronounced with a sort of generic red berry smell to it. There is a lot of minerality too - it starts to get a little chemical-y.

On the palate the same genric, nondescript red berry flavour comes in, but you couldn&rsquo;t pick out an actual specific berry to it. The wine is quite high in acidity, dry with a short finish. 

It is a fine go to rosé but after that there&rsquo;s not much more to it. Due to it being fairly generic in flavour it&rsquo;s not something we&rsquo;d describe as a foody wine and would probably be better as a summer day drinking wine.

If you want a little more information about the wine or want to buy it <a href="https://www.danmurphys.com.au/product/DM_66477/jumping-juice-bonkers-juicy-pink-wine" title="Dan Murphys Website">head to Dan Murphy&rsquo;s website.</a> 

