---
title: "Vivo"
winery: "First Drop"
video: "KClj0kbYOvk"
type: "White"
vintage: "2019"
grape: "Arneis"
abv: "13"
region: "Australia"
rating: "threehalf"
pairings: [Delicate dishes, Salads, Grilled fish]
tags: [Acidic, Vegan]
permalink: :title:output_ext
---

First Drop winery was created by two friends who wanted to make wines to drink, not just appreciate. They source their grapes was various vineyards across South Australia, which means they have diverse wines in their collection. Vivo 100% Arneis which is originally from Italy, which was mainly used as an addition to other wines to bring perfum and sweet compents. 

Vivo is a very pale gold, almost has no colour at all. On the nose it isn&rsquo;t that pronouced but there are hints of pear and lemon peel there is almost a minerality freshness to it. 

On the palate there is a lot of pear, there is a slight perfume-esque quality to it. It has a lot of acidity - it almost tastes sour, it has a light body, and a medium finish. 

It is a little too acidic for our liking, it almost starts to take over, and because of this we would say it is better off being paired with food than being drunk alone. It would definetely work with lighter dishes, like salads and grilled fish. For the acidity to be put to good use, a blue cheese salad would go really well as the acidity can cut through nicely. 

It is a great white wine, you can now get the 2020 vintage from their website <a href="https://www.firstdropwines.com/" title="First Drop Wines" target="_blank">from their website</a>. We recieved this wine as part of our subscription to Good Pair Days which is a really great wine subscription which tailors wine to your tastes through a really in depth quiz but if you&rsquo;re interested, we have a <a href="https://www.goodpairdays.com/invite/PIE123918" title="Good Pair Days" target="_blank">referal link</a> which will get you a $38 bottle of wine in your first box. We are not sponsored by Good Pair Days to say this, we just really think it&rsquo;s a good way to try new wine!
 


