---
title: "Ö" 
winery: "Alpha Box & Dice"
video: "_s6WDlj2FLo"
type: "White"
vintage: "2016"
grape: "Grüner Veltliner"
abv: "13.1"
region: "Australia"
rating: "fourhalf"
pairings: [Riscotto, Camembert, Brie]
tags: [Sur lees, Oak, Creamy]
permalink: :title:output_ext
---

Alpha Box & Dice are an innovative and creative South Australian based winery. They want to create <a href="https://www.alphaboxdice.com/alphabet-of-wine" title="Alpha Box & Dice" target="_blank">the alphabet of wines</a> which aims to show off the diverse and alternative grapes found in the region. 

Each wine has it&rsquo;s own reason for it&rsquo;s name and creation and Ö is no different. First of all it is pronounced "oeh" kind of like when you get winded. It is a halfway point between pain and frustration, which is similar when you are trying to learn the German language. It is also the same noise their head wine maker made when he had a skiing accident in the Austrian Alps and a ski slit his throat - luckily he is okay. The grape used is originally found in Austria so everything comes together. A lot of time has gone into creating this wine, as it has spent over two years developing flavours with various techniques being used. 

The appearance is a clear medium gold colour. On the nose it is very delicate in intensity, there are apple and pear notes with a hint of vanilla. With thome notes combined there is a slight sweet smell that comes with it. 

On the palate, it tastes like a vanilla sponge, this wine is not something you&rsquo;d consider fruit, there are a hint of fruits but that is not the main flavour. It is dry with medium body, this wine tastes more acidic than it actually is as it only has medium acidity. There is certainly a creamy mouth feel to it and the finish doesn&rsquo;t last too long.  

We think this could go well with strong creamy cheeses like camembert or brie. This could also go really well with a mushroom risotto. 

Over all this wine is really good and probably a little out of the ordinary for most people as it is not that fruity. There is much more about the teachnical side of this wine and other food pairings  <a href="https://www.alphaboxdice.com/shop/o" title="Alpha Box & Dice" target="_blank">on their website</a> they also have a subscription service with some incredible discounts too. 





